Docs for AWS V3 SDK Update (#18916)
strapi/strapi: packages/providers/upload-aws-s3/README.md

];
```

> If you use dots in your bucket name, the url of the resource is in directory style (`s3.yourRegion.amazonaws.com/your.bucket.name/image.jpg`) instead of `yourBucketName.s3.yourRegion.amazonaws.com/image.jpg`. Then only add `s3.yourRegion.amazonaws.com` to img-src and media-src directives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use dots in your bucket name, the url of the resource is in directory style (`s3.yourRegion.amazonaws.com/your.bucket.name/image.jpg`) instead of `yourBucketName.s3.yourRegion.amazonaws.com/image.jpg` so in that case the img-src and media-src directives to add will be `s3.yourRegion.amazonaws.com` without the bucket name in the url.
```

  "s3:PutObjectAcl"
],
```

## Update to AWS SDK V3 and URL Format Change

In the recent update of the `@strapi/provider-upload-aws-s3` plugin, we have transitioned from AWS SDK V2 to AWS SDK V3. This significant update brings along a change in the format of the URLs used in Amazon S3 services.

### Understanding the New URL Format

> AWS SDK V3 adopts the virtual-hosted–style URI format for S3 URLs. This format is recommended by AWS and is likely to become the standard in the near future, as the path-style URI is being deprecated. More details on this format can be found in the [AWS User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/VirtualHosting.html#virtual-hosted-style-access).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS SDK V3 adopts the virtual-hosted–style URI format for S3 URLs. This format is recommended by AWS and is likely to become required in the near future, as the path-style URI is being deprecated. More details on this format can be found in the [AWS User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/VirtualHosting.html#virtual-hosted-style-access).
```

### Why the Change?

The move to virtual-hosted–style URIs aligns with AWS's recommendation and future-proofing strategies. For an in-depth understanding of AWS's decision behind this transition, you can refer to their detailed post [here](https://aws.amazon.com/es/blogs/aws/amazon-s3-path-deprecation-plan-the-rest-of-the-story/).

### Configuring Your Strapi Application

If you wish to continue using the plugin with Strapi 4.15.x versions or newer without changing your URL format, it's possible to specify your desired URL format directly in the plugin's configuration. Below is an example configuration highlighting the critical `baseUrl` property:

```javascript
upload: {
  config: {
    provider: 'aws-s3',
    providerOptions: {
      accessKeyId: process.env.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID,
      secretAccessKey: process.env.AWS_ACCESS_SECRET,
      region: process.env.AWS_REGION,

>       baseUrl: `https://s3.${region}.amazonaws.com/${bucket}`, // CRITICAL LINE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      baseUrl: `https://s3.${region}.amazonaws.com/${bucket}`, // This line sets the custom url format
```
